appendix 1 HSC a procedural right up
Cuba trip 1 select committee members
chairman Louis Stokes and Congressman
Christopher Dodd accompanied by G Robert
Blakey Gary cornwell and Ed Lopez of the
Select Committee staff arrived in Cuba
at three-thirty p.m. March 30th 1978
they were met and escorted through Cuban
customs by the mayor of Havana honorable
oscar fernandes mill the minister of
justice dr. armando torres Central
Senior ergo Ricardo s carton and the
Cuban government translator Juanita Vera
at approximately seven-thirty p.m.
senior Mel escorted the select committee
staff to a restaurant in old havana the
following day congressman Richardson
prior arrived in Cuba at 7am at nine
thirty AM on March thirty first nineteen
seventy-eight the select committee
representatives met with Ricardo s
carton sin embargo and Captain Felipe
via of the Ministry of the Interior the
Cuban government gave the members and
committee its official reply to the
committee's questionnaire given to the
Cuban government prior to the
committee's trip to Cuba at 3pm the
Select Committee met again with Ricardo
s car teen senin where go Felipe via and
Juanita Vera during this session the two
major areas of discussion were Lee
Harvey Oswald's visa application and the
dates of Jack Ruby's visits to Cuba in
1959 at seven-thirty p.m. the house
select committee on assassinations staff
dined with the Minister of Justice
Armando Torres son trail at 9am on april
first 1978 the select committee staff
again met with the same Cuban officials
for a third session Santo Trafficante
was the major area of discussion at noon
committee members and staff
representatives met with cuba's Minister
of Education honorable Jose Ramon
Fernandez who gave a presentation on the
improvement in
quality of Cuban education since the
Cuban Revolution following senior
Fernandez's discussion at 315 p.m. SI
vos q was interviewed by the committee
staff representative ask you was
questioned extensively about Oswald's
alleged trip to Mexico City Oswald's
alleged visits to the Cuban consulate
and senior as cues alleged argument with
Lee Harvey Oswald at seven-thirty p.m.
april first 1978 masseuse s carton and
hernandez accompanied the house select
committee staff for dinner and show to
the Tropicana Club which prior to the
revolution was operated by organized
crime the Tropicana Club is presently
run by the Cuban government at 11am on
April second 1978 the committee staff
again met with sin and wetter go Ricardo
s car teen Felipe via our miss Gutierrez
and Juanita Vera Santo Trafficante Jack
Ruby and Mexico City were the major
areas of discussion this session
terminated at 1pm at 450 p.m. the
morning's meeting resumed during the
afternoon session the major area of
discussion was the alleged pro-castro
involvement in the assassination at
nine-fifteen a.m. april third 1978 the
committee staff met with the Cuban
officials for a final work session
during this session the intelligence
agencies and general questions derived
from the questionnaire which the
committee had provided to the Cuban
government were the major areas of
discussion during the session the
committee staff and Cuban officials also
exchanged listings of pending material
which might be covered during a
subsequent trip to Cuba by hsca
representatives and congressmen and 6pm
the committee staff met with president
fidel castro ruz who assured the
committee that neither he nor his
government had any involvement in the
assassination of president john f
kennedy the house select committee on
assassinations staff departed Havana
Cuba at 10am April fourth 1978 arriving
in Washington DC at four
30pm